Inconsistency in User enabled status in Rest query results. (#39550)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_3_0.adoc

and any objection from the community about deprecating it for removal. For more details, see
https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/37967[Deprecate for removal the Instagram social broker].

=== Inconsistent user endpoints harmonized

> In previous releases there was an inconsistency in the REST endpoint result of getting a user and searching for a user. When BruteForce is enabled and a user was temporarily locked out one endpoint would return enabled=false while the other would return enabled=true. If the user was updated and enabled was false due to temporary lockout then the user would be disabled permanently. Both endpoints now return enabled=true when a user is temporarily locked out. To check whether a user is temporarily locked out the BruteForeUserResource endpoint should be utilised.

Reviewer: What about adding the url in each call?

```suggestion
In previous releases there was an inconsistency in the REST endpoint result of getting a user (`GET /admin/realms/{realm}/users/{user-id}`) and searching for a user (`GET /admin/realms/{realm}/users`). When BruteForce is enabled and a user was temporarily locked out the former endpoint would return enabled=false while the latter would return enabled=true. If the user was updated and enabled was false due to temporary lockout then the user would be disabled permanently. Both endpoints now return enabled=true when a user is temporarily locked out. To check whether a user is temporarily locked out the BruteForeUserResource endpoint should be utilised (`GET /admin/realms/{realm}/attack-detection/brute-force/users/{userId}`).
```
